# GSD_Mobile
This is a mobile app I made for my website. I decided to open source it as a learning project for fellow followers. It teaches basic RSS usage, JSON usage and general practice of material design and bottom tab navigation. 

This application is setup for Google AdMob or Firebase ADs, if you wish to include your own ads, just setup a Firebase project for google admob and replace my admob ID with yours in the code, or you can just remove the code for ads. 

This application uses webview to view GocalSD full homesite as a standalone activity. Very similar to how material facebook applications work.

This application use Google Chrome Custom Tabs to view external urls. This is a best practice to use instead of webview however, not all devices support this so you'll need to create a fallback to webview of which is included.

This application uses an RSS reader to read a simple rss blog on anywebsite. In this case I am using Weebly. If your website contains blogging or a newsletter, simple find the rss link and paste it in over my url.

This application also uses a JSON file reader. In many cases, this is uses to reflect data from blogs and data bases generated by servers. I do not currently have a server so I generated my own using jsonblog project. I am using this to showcase all of my apps on google play. You can use this however which way you want. You could essentially use it as a blog as well. You can add different string data to modify what the app shows users by modifying the content the reader gathers in the code. Mine is a basic usage example. In this example, Ive included a dummy url, follow this url to create your own and replace the url with your newly created json file, do not lose the url! 

Creating a JSON File https://jsonblob.com/new
JSON API USAGE https://jsonblob.com/api

I WILL NOT BE UPDATING THIS, ANY CHANGES I MAKE ON MY OWN TERMS ARE FOR MY BENITFITS =) but you are welcomed to contact me on google hangouts for any questions or possible bugs/changes we should incorperate.

rgocal09@gmail.com
